Pooja Ranjan: Hello, Victor, how are you?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hello, hello?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Ave.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Thank you, Pooja. I hope you had a wonderful day.
Zainan Victor Zhou: earlier. It's noon time at your time zone, right?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, it is exactly known.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nice. How's everything with you?
Pooja Ranjan: All good, all good.
Pooja Ranjan: So, Victor, in this meeting, we generally hope to share a screen. Would you want to check it before
Pooja Ranjan: Study.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, let me clean up my desktop, and then, so that I can quickly… Share screen without issue.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Do-do-doo… One thing… one other thing to be…
Pooja Ranjan: Mindful of is…
Pooja Ranjan: That it would record… it would record everything, and with all the audio, it will be uploaded to the
Pooja Ranjan: a website, because this is, like, EIP plus ERC editing office hours.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Makes sense, yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Totally makes sense. Let me remove my things…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me have my… Ethatford, our Discord channel, polling up on my other screen.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can you give me the list of… I think you share the list of, of things to be…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Reviewed, right?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, I just have shared the link to the agenda in chat, Zoom chat. You may refer that.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes, and let me show you what my screen look like at the moment.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Dun, dun dun-dun.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This one.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, this is my screen. Can you see it?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes, would it be possible for you to maybe increase the font size? I don't know, for some reason, it's very, very tiny for me.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, yeah, my screen.
Pooja Ranjan: Yep, perfect, cool. Yeah, looks all good, and .
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes.
Pooja Ranjan: We should be ready to start streaming whenever you are.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let's go. We can get a little screening.
Pooja Ranjan: All right.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome to EIP Editing Office Hour.
Pooja Ranjan: This is meeting 75.
Pooja Ranjan: And has been added on GitHub Ethereum PM repo with issue number 1761. On today's agenda, we have a couple of proposals for last call, a bunch for review, and many more for draft status.
Pooja Ranjan: So, we are joined by editors.
Pooja Ranjan: Editor Victor. Victor, thank you for joining us. Maybe we can go ahead and get started with taking a look at the last call proposals.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Thank you very much, Booja. Before everything else, let me check, do we have anyone live on the, on the call?
Pooja Ranjan: Not yet. I will inform you in chat, or will mention if there is anyone to follow up, but I have added their PRs as we collected it from ECH Discord.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Sounds great.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, as always, want to, remind, authors of…
Zainan Victor Zhou: We will try to prioritize anyone who's live on this editor calls, and if not, we'll go with the, we will go with the provided agenda. And thanks very much to each cat herder for the facilitation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, this is moving from a draft to last call, which is… Very weird.
Pooja Ranjan: Hmm, maybe it is.
Zainan Victor Zhou: that means…
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, let me make sure that…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Teddy knows this, like, usually it would go from draft to review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And, and then, review to last call.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… Unless there is a reason to expedite and take an exception.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm not seeing the discussion about exceptions, so…
Zainan Victor Zhou: I would say, Teddy, can you…
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is a first-time user.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And who's trying to move…
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is interesting.
Pooja Ranjan: There is an additional note about this particular PR. I mean, definitely a proposal cannot go to just last call after draft status. It has to go through review before getting into last call. Perhaps the author does not know. But it was also mentioned by editor, Gajendel.
Pooja Ranjan: that it is, in the PR trying to add some reference link.
Pooja Ranjan: I believe, Gajendar left some comment on Edita's channel at ECH Discord. Yeah, and he…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Yep.
Zainan Victor Zhou: there's a lot of, weird things that we don't see from this call, from this request. First of all, proposer
Zainan Victor Zhou: Poser is not one of the author.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And that's a red flag. I don't know if authors will approve it. Definitely needs author's approval before coming in. A draft should, a status change
Zainan Victor Zhou: should be separate.
Zainan Victor Zhou: from content change. And third, is it should move from… From draft to review first.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And then review to last call.
Zainan Victor Zhou: any other… requests… are exceptional.
Zainan Victor Zhou: No, and should only be granted.
Zainan Victor Zhou: By call or action input.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see… Exception.
Zainan Victor Zhou: No.
Zainan Victor Zhou: consensus of VIP editors, such as…
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I think we will re… we will reject this, and then get… move it back to you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: To the author, to the author of this pull request, and then move to the next one.
Pooja Ranjan: This sounds good, and it was a really very good catch here.
Pooja Ranjan: We can perhaps move on to the next PR, which is for last call, and the number is.
Zainan Victor Zhou: is one…
Pooja Ranjan: 24th.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One token, I… actually, this could…
Zainan Victor Zhou: be caught by EIP review bots.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right.
Pooja Ranjan: I'm not sure if.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me… yeah, let me give the feedback to… to…
Zainan Victor Zhou: to, to Sam and C.
Zainan Victor Zhou: To see if this could be automated, reviewed by… these… break, blocking.
Zainan Victor Zhou: conditions.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Could be automatically reviewed and caught.
Zainan Victor Zhou: by EIP bots.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is it called EIP Bot, or it's called EIP Review Bot, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, that would save our… Several minutes from just now.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, that's very true.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, let me double check. I don't think I see this person's… From the author list.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, I'm correct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And so that is done.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, the next one… we should have a checkbox, right? So that when.
Pooja Ranjan: Whenever we…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Fun, yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah. But we have to stop that, because now, there is an ACD bot, which is running in the background, and every time we check the checkbox, it triggers multiple messages going out and people in the background. So we had to stop that checkbox, and we are going by bullet points.
Zainan Victor Zhou: We should have a task list that ACT bots should be…
Zainan Victor Zhou: River East… oh, this is a long time ago, okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… So, let's take a look… Omni Revenue… Is one of the author… Moving from review…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Extension to limit transferability.
Zainan Victor Zhou: on counts.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What discounts?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Among NFTs.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm not sure if I read… understand transfer accounts. Oh, how many times a transfer can happen, I guess?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Based on counts.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Consider…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Listen.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can, like, maybe it's just me. Do you think that counts, is… Sufficiently disambiguous here.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Pooja.
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, it definitely requires a little bit more explanation. I'm not sure if it is already there in the…
Pooja Ranjan: Body of the EAP.
Zainan Victor Zhou: How's that? Let me see if it will work.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is a bit…
Zainan Victor Zhou: US, and, I do need to fuse it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And, consider… elaborate it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Amount NFT, that's still a little bit of, like, amount NFT of the same user or not.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, let me actually… common… Keep takeaways.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Motivations and key takeaways.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Transfer limit for a token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So…
Zainan Victor Zhou: reference implementation. Let me actually show info.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hmm.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Transfer account.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That transfer limit.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Limit and count.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One trend is set or update.
Zainan Victor Zhou: There is a lot of language issues, I think.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's ambiguous to me.
Zainan Victor Zhou: For example, like, let me see… let me see the discussion whether… People give discussion feedback.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, unanswered question.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yep, I think the…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Great idea.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What… well, I'm not sure if it will limit the liquidity further.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Businesses… We can see trading… Yeah, there's an unanswered question.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Actually, let's split it this way…
Zainan Victor Zhou: when ERC721 transfer happens.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Do we still need an event of funds per account?
Zainan Victor Zhou: And, should we have, expensive, or… Limit. Update it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's see if that is answered in the rationale. I don't think rationale has…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Has… has been answered.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: In full value.
Zainan Victor Zhou: you'll re… Raise the description.
Zainan Victor Zhou: S and BQS.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And,
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, I think I gave editorial feedback on this one, and then we can leave it to the author to act upon them.
Pooja Ranjan: That sounds good.
Pooja Ranjan: Maybe we can move forward with the next proposal to be moved in review status, and the PR number is 1204 on ERC Depot.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 1, 2,04…
Zainan Victor Zhou: 120 for move to review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, that's change of ordering, let me see.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let's see what's being specified.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Restrict.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Transfer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, the envisioned usage is to wrap over existing ERC11455.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is new, and this is… Not included in the description.
Zainan Victor Zhou: The functionality of in… of fractionalized patient… It's not very awe.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Obvious from the description.
Zainan Victor Zhou: of this ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Also, for maximum… Interoperability… these… research…
Zainan Victor Zhou: to find existing DRCs that touched the fractionalize…
Zainan Victor Zhou: And… and… and… and, discuss within this ERC2.
Zainan Victor Zhou: adopt that ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or… intentionally… Choose to… disregard that ERC end use.
Zainan Victor Zhou: a new… interface.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Brooks.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And rationale.
Zainan Victor Zhou: of such decision.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, I really felt like I need to have a… best practice suggestions.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 4.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I believe.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Josh.
Pooja Ranjan: Sam also… Sam also used to maintain this kind of, less…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Research… by our ERCs.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And answer… adopt.
Zainan Victor Zhou: it, or… Share it, ration.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And now to… Why?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Why not?
Zainan Victor Zhou: relevant… okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Power.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'll try to create one. Okay, Partition-based…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Flexibility, okay, how is the partition?
Zainan Victor Zhou: being done.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's a use case, okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, how is partition being done?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: There are other existing ERCs that Touches topic.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh.
Zainan Victor Zhou: token lock.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And you, Jeff?
Zainan Victor Zhou: What if an hour.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Indeed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or in the poor profession.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Public Conference.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Search query, and help.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Partition, partition, I'm seeing… I'm trying to see the partition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One second…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, oh…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… Let me see the partition. I'm trying to find out one of the main reasons
Zainan Victor Zhou: Of men's rationale and motivation for this is partition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So, how can we partition?
Zainan Victor Zhou: reps… Token from partition.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: How do you wrap per token for partition?
Zainan Victor Zhou: How does that work?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Partition ID.
Zainan Victor Zhou: To the main balance.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, I'm not sure if I understand this.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, another…
Zainan Victor Zhou: clear about, matician.
Zainan Victor Zhou: inscribes…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is my feedback for this. I think it's enough to… for a batch of updates.
Pooja Ranjan: Sounds good.
Pooja Ranjan: Maybe we can move on to the next one, which is PR number 1223 in the ERC repo.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 1, 2, 3.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 37.
Zainan Victor Zhou: files.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, it's all assets, okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nice.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Well, let me go back to the previous one and see if they provide The reference implementation as…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, they did. Oh, this is the… how they provide reference implementation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me double check.
Zainan Victor Zhou: module.
Zainan Victor Zhou: lens wrapper.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Nope.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, alright, now let's go to the next one. What was the number, the pull request number again?
Pooja Ranjan: Victor, so I just have shared two PR numbers in chat. They are requested… the first one is PR number 1250, and it's requested by Marjan, the author of Diamond.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, yeah. Nick, Nick, yeah, Nick, Nick Mudge.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he is here to propose a new proposal, and this is the PL for that. Unfortunately, he mentioned he could not join the call in case this proposal can get reviewed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, I've… gave him… a suggestion. Oh, almost the same time, interesting.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yup. Yeah, that's what he needs to do. He needs to fix all these.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: Okay, and the other PR, which we just received is, PR number 1226.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One second, let me actually take a look. I think that's minor, so let me make sure he got a chance, and since I'm here, let me see if I can…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Approve with condition.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, sure. That sounds good.
Zainan Victor Zhou: A change to Solidity compiler included the ability to assign structure to a storage location.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Enables a new pattern.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Which discussed 2535.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Standardized storage, too.
Zainan Victor Zhou: String literal.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What the
Zainan Victor Zhou: That's recommendations, okay? What is required?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is particular line.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's very verbal, rational.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think I would approve this.
Zainan Victor Zhou: With conditions that, gets the validator happy.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I think, this is still in draft, so perhaps it can be updated when it…
Pooja Ranjan: is there to move into review status, but at least the proposal will get merged, and people will be in a position to refer this peer.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yep.
Pooja Ranjan: Sounds good.
Pooja Ranjan: So, the next one we have got is 1226.
Pooja Ranjan: Seems the author may not be able to join here today, the proposal is for.
Zainan Victor Zhou: we have… Do we have someone on the call? I think…
Pooja Ranjan: No.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, yeah, Mercy is here. Okay.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One, two, to what?
Pooja Ranjan: 1226.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 6-0.
Pooja Ranjan: Not zero.
Pooja Ranjan: 1, 2, 2, 6.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is that that one? Asian console…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay… someone who self…
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, wait, wait.
Pooja Ranjan: Individual is working.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, that's…
Pooja Ranjan: project?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, that's, that's, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 2…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Given we are approaching 10,000, maybe we should start to accept only… start to assign the IP numbers only when they move into a draft.
Pooja Ranjan: Oh.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I was thinking… Nike.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Because numbers are increasing quick.
Pooja Ranjan: eaten…
Zainan Victor Zhou: New, completely new… What? No.
Zainan Victor Zhou: We don't put Twitter in here.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I don't think we need to put Twitter in here, but just to check the policy.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm nauseous.
Pooja Ranjan: So, we don't put… I mean, people can put Twitter.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's… That's fine.
Pooja Ranjan: Damn.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, multi-agent console to resolve information queries in… Decentralizedly? Decentralized.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Obstacles.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Of courseatory thing… So, get information in arbitration and build…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: How does your… your specification.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Man days.
Zainan Victor Zhou: wave.
Zainan Victor Zhou: being…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Or commit review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And… consider… Adoption or discussion.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hmm.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see… Structure…
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm not sure.
Zainan Victor Zhou: A… capability…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Most of the… or strings… And, have… one included in…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Would there be a limit?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Practical.
Zainan Victor Zhou: or technical.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Of the size of… capabilities…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Practical…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Boom.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, resolution. Initiates.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Resolution, resolve, resolution.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Get request… Yeah, commits.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Good reviews.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oof.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Left a few.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Also… two things.
Zainan Victor Zhou: We would like to see… Pinterest.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Communities… interest in… adopting… It… reference implementations.
Zainan Victor Zhou: No.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, this is my comment on this one.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What about… What's the next?
Pooja Ranjan: So the next one here we have got is 1225.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Pooja Ranjan: Well, we covered 23, 24, 25, all three proposals today.
Pooja Ranjan: This is to move into review status, yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, mostly… Nomino.
Zainan Victor Zhou: And then I can see… the background is the Fukusha update, so that's why.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Commons… Key stores.
Zainan Victor Zhou: A link is not happy.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think the links are okay, I'm not sure why they… Change… Some section, okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think it's okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Next one…
Pooja Ranjan: The next one is PR number 1242, another one for review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, just moving to review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see… let me take a read…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Multi-version proxy.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Remove version, register version, interesting.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alright.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think it's okay, there's a review. I would call for Nick Mudge to review, to also share technical review.
Pooja Ranjan: That sounds good.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, Apple.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Congrats on moving to review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Like for the eel.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Invitations… of the following… Here, review yours.
Zainan Victor Zhou: All the time, man.
Zainan Victor Zhou: ERC, and also dial into… Alright.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What steps?
Pooja Ranjan: The next PR is a little.
Zainan Victor Zhou: One second, one second, let me…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay. Next one.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, the next one is that the PR number is 1014. It is to move EIP… sorry, ERC4337 to review…
Pooja Ranjan: But it is already in review status.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 437 is in review. It's a… Oh, that's cute.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What would you say… what do you mean it's already in review?
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, I think there were two PRs. With one PR, the proposal has already been moved to review status. Perhaps we should close this one.
Pooja Ranjan: If you open EIPS.ethereum.org, you may find the proposal is already in review status, so there's no point merging this PR.
Pooja Ranjan: Unless…
Zainan Victor Zhou: I should week.
Pooja Ranjan: Or any other change, yeah. So, unless there is any other change than review status, we can perhaps close this one.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What's the other one that you mentioned?
Pooja Ranjan: I don't remember the other one, but if you check the status on EIPS.ethereum.org, it is already in review.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, let me do this.
Pooja Ranjan: Maybe I can quickly check and let.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, this is our work.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I think we were interacting with this one, right? But,
Zainan Victor Zhou: Which is the… what is another one for… I don't see…
Pooja Ranjan: I think it is 7… 7922, is it the one?
Pooja Ranjan: No, the last one which is merged on…
Zainan Victor Zhou: This one… I have that on my screen now.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: So it is already merged. Now, we either have to close the existing one, or just look if there is any other change than changing the status, then we can perhaps.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Sadness.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Change has been… merged on.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Can we… Update the branch, and… Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, it's a good thing, now we can see K7 in review status.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Right, Oja, it would be very helpful if we can review the ones that's not merged, like… So, I think, like, branches out of date should be excluded from our review list.
Zainan Victor Zhou: they should… Author should keep the branch out, within the update, within the branch.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That is correct, yeah. Not out of the… yeah, because things like this could easily be caught by
Zainan Victor Zhou: By, checking whether the branch is out of date.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, so we might want to give a comment to author, like, what is the next step? Like, as you have mentioned, maybe we update the branch, or just close the PR, and come up with a new one with changes, if you have any.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, yeah, to a sync… Sync with main…
Zainan Victor Zhou: branch, or close this PR if there are No.
Zainan Victor Zhou: other… Updates, major…
Pooja Ranjan: Just wanted to, let the author be communicated.
Pooja Ranjan: Before this is closed by any of the editors.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, yeah, I kept it open.
Pooja Ranjan: Very well, I think I see a couple of more with…
Pooja Ranjan: Okay, I don't know if you may be able to look into the still part, so we can perhaps jump to the next draft. The PR number is 1087 for Universal Compliance Router. This is pending for a while.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This one, right?
Pooja Ranjan: Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: compliance router.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, what's the latest update?
Pooja Ranjan: It seems there are some changes added based on editor's recommendation, and the file hasn't been viewed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: This is a new EIP, ERC, so let me go check the numbering.
Zainan Victor Zhou: 79… 7210… 10…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It's a different assignment.
Pooja Ranjan: What does…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Am I… am I typing it wrong? Okay, sorry, I think I clicked on the wrong… wrong one.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, okay, that's fine. So the… the number assignment is correct.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Now, it should be dropped.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Should easily be caught by… by bot.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Mmm… I should really start fouling.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Feature request…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Another example.
Zainan Victor Zhou: That was already filed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: -Oh, I couldn't link it.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What happened?
Zainan Victor Zhou: I need a permlink, actually.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, no, doesn't work this way.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's see, where is the perm link?
Zainan Victor Zhou: View.
Zainan Victor Zhou: File.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yes.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah, it gives me a firm link.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Please… Introducing… Route.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Only ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Here is the introduce…
Zainan Victor Zhou: is compliant.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Jurisdiction… Like, an interesting idea… Okay, to leave security as dropped.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let's just see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, no one has responded.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Also, would love to… Love to see… a community interest in… Adopting this end art.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Jazz.
Zainan Victor Zhou: attempt to… to implement, or… One discussion on the year.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Edge.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alright.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Damn.
Zainan Victor Zhou: What's the next one?
Pooja Ranjan: So the next one we have got, is,
Pooja Ranjan: I think you already have reviewed this, Agent Councillor Eccles, so we can move on to…
Pooja Ranjan: Even further, 1101, which is non-fungible account token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hmm.
Pooja Ranjan: Almost the same situation.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I don't think… Let me see…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Let me see this different… this… this updates.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… Oh, the same situation?
Zainan Victor Zhou: And the same thing.
Pooja Ranjan: This situation means, like, they may have implemented the review comment by editors, but still waiting to be merged as draft.
Zainan Victor Zhou: They may have implemented the review comments by the editor.
Zainan Victor Zhou: But still waiting for… It to be mergers draft.
Pooja Ranjan: That's right, yeah.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Is out of date… Let me run an update to see if it could be updated, unless…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Alright, there's a new one, so… 7, 9, 7, 8, 811… 7, 9… 7… 8…
Zainan Victor Zhou: On UA, yes, that's right.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Non-fungible account tokens.
Zainan Victor Zhou: make small contracts.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Tradable.
Zainan Victor Zhou: as NFT doesn't have to.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I'm yet to figure out…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Darius… Our existing mintable
Zainan Victor Zhou: ERCs… Passing means… Creation, new, check, and… Can consider adoption or rationale.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Tune… to create a newf.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Get account… Address… what is this?
Zainan Victor Zhou: MBA token.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Why it ex nanta.
Zainan Victor Zhou: agnostic.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Guardian.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: It feels like this… functionality And a fully achieved bias.
Zainan Victor Zhou: By simply adopting 721.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Not sure.
Zainan Victor Zhou: missing from Yasis and one that's… require a new ERC.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Hmm… A column.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Mint, get account address.
Zainan Victor Zhou: For example…
Zainan Victor Zhou: And… Just be… Replaced by…
Zainan Victor Zhou: By the way,
Zainan Victor Zhou: Oh, no.
Zainan Victor Zhou: We're at time, right?
Zainan Victor Zhou: Tests.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Just… being achieved.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bye.
Zainan Victor Zhou: I must be not…
Zainan Victor Zhou: Achieved. Okay.
Zainan Victor Zhou: So… also insisted… Would love to see community.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Avid.
Zainan Victor Zhou: As of community interest.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Okay, I think that's it, right?
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I think that's the time we have got today. Thank you so much, Victor, for reviewing all these proposals.
Pooja Ranjan: And for people following us on Editing Office Hour, we'll be back next week with another set of PRs to be reviewed.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Sounds good.
Pooja Ranjan: Everyone, yep. Thank you.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Thank you very much. Thanks, Pooja, and thanks, East Cat Heroders.
Pooja Ranjan: Thank you. Bye-bye.
Zainan Victor Zhou: Bye.